Migrating `chain-integration` content  to `chain-docs` (#195)
crypto-org-chain/chain-docs: docs/resources/node-and-rpc-setup-notes.md

# Node Setup and RPC note

## Node minimum setup

> Here I will be using a local `chain-maind` folder as the home directory. By default chain data are stored in your home directory `~/.chain-maind`. For example, when joining the testnet `testnet-croeseid-3`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we will be using a local `chain-maind` folder as the home directory. By default chain data are stored in your home directory `~/.chain-maind`. For example, when joining the testnet `testnet-croeseid-3`: 
```

...

[grpc]

# Enable defines if the gRPC server should be enabled.
enable = true

# Address defines the gRPC server address to bind to.
address = "0.0.0.0:9090"
```

### Start the node

Afterward, you should be able to start you node by running 
```bash
./chain-maind start --home ./chain-maind/
````
where the blockchain data, keys will be stored at the folder `<current_path>/chain-maind/`

## Access RPC server

### Tendermint (Local access only)

You can access Tendermint Swagger UI here:
https://docs.tendermint.com/master/rpc/#/

Switch the servers to localhost in the dropdown and you can interact with the Swagger UI.

### gRPC

There are few clients our team has used before

#### BloomRPC

- https://github.com/uw-labs/bloomrpc

- GUI client for GRPC services

#### grpcurl

- https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl

- Like curl, but for gRPC

- Install grpcurl (Mac)

  ```bash
  brew install grpcurl
  ```

  for other OSs please refer to GitHub

- Query gRPC API

    ```bash
    grpcurl -plaintext localhost:9090 list

    cd grpc/proto
    grpcurl -proto ./cosmos/staking/v1beta1/query.proto -plaintext localhost:9090 cosmos.staking.v1beta1.Query.Validators
    ```

>     The reason we have to go to the `grpc/proto` directory is because gRPC will look for proto files dependency, and they expect that to be udner the path you are currently at. To avoid this limitations, we can specify the porto import path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The reason we have to go to the `grpc/proto` directory is that gRPC will look for proto files dependency, and they expect that to be under the path you are currently at. To avoid this limitation, we can specify the proto import path.
```
